,Topic_Pos,Example_Pos,Topic_Neg,Example_Neg
0,republican party republicans kasich win candidates voters nomination gop candidate,"Since Bill Clinton left office and George W Bush, a Republican, took control fifteen years ago, the congress has for the most part been in the control of the Republican party. The laws that have passed or have been blocked because of Republican control. President Obama worked very hard to try to develop a constructive relationship with Boehner and McConnell, who promised ""bipartisanship"" and then spent the next eight years doing everything possible to block any kind of progress or positive movement, including from their own party. Budgets have been bloated each year by the Republicans, environmental controls originally sponsored by Richard Nixon, a Republican, were destroyed, education reform that was originally sponsored by Republicans was dismantled and immigration reform was blocked by the Republicans after multiple attempts at a reasonable solution.  Which means that the conditions that the current Republican candidates describe are nothing more a self review of the policies of the Republican party and those policies long term effects on the country and the world. Fifteen years of their way of doing business is quite enough.Anyone who votes for a Republican should have their head examined. You think the US is a ""hell hole"" now? Just pull the Republican lever and wait a few more years to see what McConnell, Boehner, or any of the presidential candidates would do. ",trump donald like just mr republicans jeb say people republican,"If I deeply despise practically everything Trump stands for, why is it I like Donald Trump?  Because compared to his Republican rivals, Trump appears behaving from pure conviction.  Are his ideas infantile, retrograde and ignorant? Absolutely.  But in contrast to his rivals, Trump displays an kind of  ""integrity"" that seems completely lacking in all other Republicans vying for the nomination.  Do I think Trump is an idiot? Yes.  But I respect anyone who speaks his mind unfettered (even a fool), especially when compared to the calculating GOP demagogues who seem all-too-eager to reshape their ideas and attitudes hourly to reflect the latest voter opinion polls.  For me, a vote for Trump is really a vote against political pandering.  Donald Trump is merely pathetic; by contrast, Scott Walker and Jeb Bush are frightening. "
1,tax plan cuts economic taxes rich income class growth surprise,"I agree with most of Krugman's current post.  Bush wants to lower top income tax rates---the top rate of 39.6% on income above $464,850 would be replaced by a lower top rate of 28% on income above $163,800, according to the Bloomberg article.  This would be offset by fewer tax deductions.  the result would be lower taxes for most taxpayers.  Bush seems to believe the lower taxes would stimulate the economy, leading to a higher rate of economic growth.But his proposed tax plan runs in exactly the opposite direction to professed concern among Republicans for ""balancing the budget,"" unless it is accompanied by truly draconian cuts to the federal budget.  And it would increase disparity between rich and poor, particularly since the rich would still not pay social security taxes on any income above $118,500.This is a tax plan meant to appeal to the very wealthy, including the donor class.  Bush's plan seems to be: appeal to the wealthy, who will bankroll an advertising campaign that will sell Jeb Bush as the savior of poor Americans and the champion of ""family values.""  It seems based upon getting the uninformed to vote against their own self-interest.Thank God for Trump.  He would most likely be a disaster as president, his interviews reveal a shallow understanding of foreign affairs, and his pointless attacks on Megyn Kelly and Carly Fiorina antagonize potential voters.  But his campaign demonstrates how far the Republican establishment has drifted from its own base.",bushes clintons say wh sanders poor ll smart continuing time,How about NO more Bushes and NO more Clintons !!
2,trump donald gop bush thing people like polls media party,"Trump is hurting Christie, Cruz, Paul, and Santorum because those 4 would tend to be bullying and/or outrageous in their demeanor but they can't compete with the uber-brashness of the reality TV star (calling Trump a builder or entrepreneur or businessman at this point would be merely referencing his earlier career).However, the reality is that Trump hurts Bush more than anyone. Trump is destroying the Republican brand. Everyday that Trump carries on is a day lost to Bush. Every voter who adheres to Trump is a voter lost to Bush. Permanently. Trump is putting on a great show, and those voters who are drawn to it will not be satisfied by the vanilla Jeb! ",tax growth cuts rate income middle class average plan taxes,"During the time the Bush tax cuts were more extreme (2003 to 2012) the economy grew at an average rate of 1.76%.  For the 10 previous years the average growth rate was  3.56%.   For the two years after the Bush tax cuts were reduced the average growth rate was 2.12%.    When will this myth of tax cuts = more growth get debunked?  The state of Kansas is another example where tax cuts did not lead to more growth but slower growth and lowering of the credit rating for the state.   Those who promote such policies should be not called ""economists"" but ""apologists"" for the 1% who benefit from such tax cuts."
3,mr spanish flawless bush command doesn english candidates fluent sense,"If Mr. Bush's command of Spanish is ""fluent"" and ""flawless,""  it's much better than his English.",work people hours working jobs time mr just need longer,Bush was talking about people that are now working 30 hours or less because of the Obama policies that have made companies cut work hours and put people on part-time work schedules. Krugman is nothing more than an extreme left wing hack. If he had his way our country would be another socialist country. Thank God he has very little influence today. 
4,hillary clinton biden sanders joe bernie run maureen just candidate,"Isn't it time for columnists to start writing about the runner-ups to Clinton and Trump, i.e., Bernie Sanders and Ben Carson?  Both need examination.  Will Sanders emerge as the 2nd to Clinton?  Is Dr. Carson ready to be president?  Given Ms. Dowd's premise that Americans don't want another Bush or Clinton dynasty,  that Trump is unsuitable and Joe Biden may not even run,  can we please turn to whom might logically replace Clinton and Bush as candidates? ",jeb bush brother george family bad campaign father smarter smart,"Jeb is probably smarter than Dubya, but the family dog was smarter than George. Being ""smarter than his brother is not high praise for Jeb. It just means Jeb is not as stupid as George. He's already stated his primary advisors will be the neocons that convinced Dubya to lie about WMDs and invade Iraq. The entire middle east is on fire thanks to Dubya and Jeb hasn't learned a thing! We cannot have another Bush as POTUS!We cannot have another Bush in the White House. If by chance Jeb is the candidate…remember what happened when George was POTUS."
5,work hours time people jobs americans working need week workers,"""For example, the main point of Social Security is to make it possible for people to retire — that is, to work fewer hours.""This is false math. People work very, very hard -- and long hours -- and then at a certain point, they retire. Look at the more than middle-aged woman at the check-out counter at Waldbaum's or Shop Rite: Do you really expect her to stand like that for all those hours when she's seventy years old?Raising the retirement age does not force people to work ""longer hours"" -- it makes them work more years. If Jeb Bush wants people to work more, and more people to work -- the latter a very good thing indeed -- then he needs to revise the tax code so that American corporations find it to their advantage to bring back to America their manufacturing jobs.And if Americans can only get over their desire to purchase a lot of crap for nothing, and instead bought fewer, but better-made, items, perhaps we really could have more people working, more tax revenue, and a better functioning society.",clinton hillary president bush country america political candidate dynasty biden,"Comparing the Bush and Clinton ""dynasties"" as the same is a false equivalency. The Bush's are old money and the Bush boys inherited the political family business. The Clintons do not come from money (and in fact they both come from very humble middle class roots) and zero political connections. Say what you will about Bill and Hillary but they built their political careers and dynasty themselves. And to suggest that Hillary is just coasting on the Clinton name is misdirected. Why? Because Hillary was a force in shaping Bills political ambitions and thus she helped to build the Clinton machine, she was not just along for the ride. And dismissing Hillary's resume is a tired cheap shot that is really quite offensive to all women. It's hard to imagine any man who served two elected terms as a US senator and as SOS being maligned and ridiculed for their experience. We have many one term senators running for president and one in the White House now. What exactly are the accomplishemts of say Rubio or Paul? And yet it is only ever really asked what are Hillary's accomplishements."
6,government federal 10 congress workers jobs today reagan employees money,"The federal government now employs 2.7 million people (excluding the military). Jeb would like to unemploy 10% of those people and destroy 270,000 jobs.Not since July 1966 has the federal government’s workforce been as small as today's 2.7 million when we our population was much, much less. As a share of the total workforce, the federal government’s share of civilian employment is the lowest since World War II.Currently, 15.7% of workers are employed by either federal, state or local governments. You have to go back to 1960 to find a government workforce as small as we have today.Jeb would like to make government even more dysfunctional than it is now by shrinking its payroll; this will complement the Republican dream of drowning government in a bathtub through endless tax cuts for the wealthy.Jeb wants bad government at all costs by starving and strangling it in any possible way.This is good for rich people who don't want any accountability from a well-funded government and a disaster for most Americans as oligarchs continue run wild over American bodies and the environment.Jeb's plan is a third-rate plan for a third-world country.Keep Jeb! unemployed in 2016.",war iraq iran obama policy president brother foreign bush cheney,"The Invasion of Iraq's most critical result was to remove the primary check on Iran, which was defeated in the 1980s war between Iraq and Iran. To  eliminate Saddam Husein because he was an aggressive dictator ran counter to the decades old policy to do business with autocrats around the world, because they were disliked, but they stabilized their country and the US turned a blind eye to their excesses - for reasons of convenience. Saddam kept Iraq under control, while his American supported successors created chaos. Iran was subdued after its war and Iraq kept it in check.   The current non-policies of the Republican presidential candidates results from a perceived need to favor a strong, controlling US stance in the world, but without a rational policy or expounded means to explain how they would achieve that without moving the US into another Mid-Eastern armed conflict.Their policies to date are primarily based on a dislike of Obama and border on the disastrous Bush-Cheney-Wolfowitz Neocon policies. - It is all campaign rhetoric without the need to implement their stands, and they are very short of realistic, pragmatic solutions."
7,bush family president war george good like iraq bushes country,"The Bush family has actually been in national elective office for 20 years since 1981. George H.W. was vice-president for 8 yrs, president for 4 and G.W. was, of course, president for 8. On a percentage basis, we've had a Bush as vice-president or president for 59% of the time since 1981 till now, 20 out of 34 yrs.The first Bush would never have made it to national office except for, one, being the wealthy son of a U.S. senator with an Ivy League degree (he had a distinguished war record, but so did thousands of others who served in WW II). He lost his senate race in Texas in 1970, but Nixon called him to DC and there followed a series of jobs, giving him a record in office far longer than Thomas Jefferson or other great notables in American history.Nixon resuscitated the career of the first Bush, then Reagan picked him for vice-president after NBC invited Bob Dole to speak on a live television hook-up with Reagan and Dole told the future nominee, ""Stop lying about my record."" After the vice-presidency, this led to the White House for Bush, which led to G.W. being elected governor of Texas once Karl Rove had transformed him which, in turn, led to the second Bush at 1600 Pa. Avenue.So, Jeb Bush says ""We need to help politicians rediscover life outside of Washington""? Who should start, Jeb? Any volunteers?",walker cruz carson scott ben rubio huckabee ted candidates mike,Ben Carson seemed lost; Jeb Bush seemed nervous; Ted Cruz and Mike Huckabee seemed evil; Scott Walker seemed baked
8,jeb brother candidate george campaign man colbert money bush make,"It is abundantly clear by now that George W. Bush is more intelligent than his brother Jeb.However, Jeb is leading every other candidate in fundraising. Perhaps because, as others have noted, he appears to have changed his name to Jeb !, or Jeb! An exclamation point instead of, Bush, at least at this point in his campaign. Hope springs eternal.",gop party base republican candidates anti vote groups candidate bush,"Ever Since Bush, the GOP base has comprised those that call themselves Evangelicals, Tea Partiers, Family Values people, anti-government activists, and Fiscal Conservatives. Unfortunately, these groups are not necessarily what their titles say they are. In this day and age, the GOP base is not the best informed nor the most open minded of citizens. They are the gun people, the racially biased, the anti-ACA, the anti-immigrants, the climate change deniers, the anti-science people, and those that think the problems in the Middle East can only be solved at the end of gun. They are splintered into various groups clustered in different geographic regions of the country. Each GOP candidate is supported by at least one of these groups and it is they that they speak to. If a Republican wants to get elected, he or she has to appeal to these groups. This means addressing their concerns in a language they can understand - even if offensive to the majority of voters. Once nominated, they change their tune to become more acceptable to the general population. Then with the help of Fox News they hope to generate enough mistrust in the opposing party to overcomes their previous rhetoric. It's a gamble, but the GOP needs the all that are willing to vocalize their views to win. It is these guys that can rally other conservatives to vote for their cause. "
9,smart smarter supposed thought brother oxymoron bush jeb doesn rest,I thought Jeb was supposed to be the smart one.,kasich look governor malley candidates better president vs ohio presidential,"Kasich is certainly a breath of fresh air for Republican voters. However, I dont see the primary going his way in any situation, even if he is able to win the more moderate primary in New Hampshire. Kasich may be standing out in a field of 17, but if it were to come down to two (Bush v Kasich, Walker v Kasich, Paul v Kasich or Trump v Kasich), Kasich would do absolutely horribly. If it comes down to establishment Bush and Kasich, the donor money is going to flow to Governor Bush.  "
