,Topic_Pos,Example_Pos,Topic_Neg,Example_Neg
0,president obama dr carson experience running insulted say life office,"Oh my goodness! I am listening to Rush going on and on about Dr. Carson, someone most people never heard of until the prayer breakfast where Dr. Carson according to the right ""took it to"" Obama and insulted him. They now think he, a neurosurgeon is more qualified to be President than Obama and the left are scared to death of him. Seems they forget that President Obama won't be running in 2016, for one. But more importantly Dr. Carson is a neurosurgeon, brillant by all accounts but just because the right thinks he insulted President Obama, that is supposed to qualify him to be President? WOW!!!!!",president candidates like time people hillary think question fox fiorina,"Most of us have worked occupations we don't like,or with people we don't care for.But most us haven't chosen to do so,which is why I'm suspicious of those who do choose to.People who dislike politics and politicians often make poor politicians,usually enough so to fail to get elected.   While Ben and Carly are appealing sounding names for candidates,the names can't hide that they have shortcomings that are extrarordinary even for this GOP open air insane asylum.Carson ,The GOP's designated black this time around probably offended most other blacks by comparing Obamacare,from which many of them benefit from,with something as shameful to our nation's past as slavery.As a neurosurgeon he should know from his own profession that it has been scientifically proven thatLBGT people are naturally so,BEFORE birth,so that it's  impossible for men to"" go into prison straight,and come out gay.    Carly disqualifies herself for President by boasting about a business experience at which she was a total failure.In the extremely unlikely event she got elected President,if she did for American jobs what she did at HP, the late Archy Bunker(All In The Family) would finally have long desired ""WOMAN like Herbert Hoover again "" !    But may Carson's candidacy be long into next year,for he'll take the GOP so far to the outer reaches of the fringe,it will likely be a landslide victory for Hillary !"
1,gay science evolution scientist choice carson surgeon scientists like doesn,"Happy to see you back Gail!My only comment to an otherwise hilarious and to-the-point OpEd, is that you give way too much credit to Carson by calling him a scientist. He is a brain surgeon  and a successful one, but his work does not entail work that a scientist would do. He probably took science courses, like biology (before evolution was a viable part of it), chemistry and health related topics like  radiology, immunology, etc. But it is probably doubtful that he ever did serious research in these fields (not that these would lead to his antievolutionary believes). I would further wager, that if he rejects evolution, he also refutes the overwhelming evidence of the origin of earth, the solar system and the universe, all contrary to biblical revelations. For to accept those origins critically you need extensive background in physics, astronomy, geophysics, geology and paleontology among other disciplines. What is striking with Carson and his ilk is that they accept the science and technology that allowed their career successes, but deny the findings of science branches that do not support their innate, faith-based believes. That alone disqualifies him as a scientist. And because of his intrinsic mistrust in science base knowledge, a consequence of uncritical thinking typical of the GOP presidential hopefuls, also disqualifies him as president in this evermore science and technology based world.   ",sanders bernie trump brooks senator experience ideas governing party little,"""These four anti-party men have little experience in the profession of governing.""Bernie Sanders has ""little experience""? Being a mayor of Burlington, Vt (and turning it from a backwater to what it has become), US Representative, and current senator (2nd term). To compare him to Palin, Carson and Trump is ridiculous. Oh, wait, ""Bernie Sanders is a socialist independent, who in the Senate caucuses with the Democrats."" Now I get it."
2,dr care health carson insurance government pay medical tax poor,"Do Dr. Carson's conservative fans realize that, in ""America the Beautiful"", the ""catastrophic care insurance"" Dr. Carson calls for is government run, tax funded, single-payer catastrophic health care coverage? Or that Dr. Carson then goes on to propose paying for this in part by special taxes on health insurance companies, limits on health insurance company profits, and extremely tight regulation of health insurance company premiums? That Dr. Carson calls for the kind of rigorous, national re-evaluation of end of life costs Conservatives derided as ""death panels""? That Dr. Carson holds up FEMA's role in mitigating the property insurance impact of catastrophes as a model? It's all right there in his book -- and even available in the preview you can read on books.google.com for yourself.  Dr. Carson's plan essentially calls government run single-payer health care for pretty much every American who gets seriously ill -- just about anyone who gets into an auto accident, needs a transplant, gets cancer, etc, would end up falling into the catastrophic bucket. This radically changes the standing assumptions regarding economics of health care, when private insurers know they're only covering the first $300K, when the government can tightly regulate premiums on that first $300K of coverage, and everyone can count on government coverage if they actually get really sick. This is a plan in many ways to the _left_ of Romneycare / ACA. Do Dr. Carson's new Conservative fans even get that?",kasich vis biggest huckabee times argued didn mike unconditional gantry,"Biggest winner: John Kasich. Kasich could essentially argue that he'd accomplished more in Ohio that Scott Walker claims to have done in Wisconsin, but without throwing workers and the poor under the bus. Kasich might have slipped momentarily, however, when in answer to LGBT questions he mentioned a notion novel to current Republicans: Unconditional love. It played well to a ""home crowd,"" but he didn't appear harsh enough to win many Tea Party votes.Biggest losers: Ben Carson and Mike Huckabee. At times Carson seemed intent upon proving that, when discussing anything other than neurosurgery, he's no 'brain surgeon.' Most disappointing was his response as to whether he would resume water boarding. How does someone constrained by the Hippocratic Oath to ""do no harm"" fail to profess an aversion to torture in prisoner interrogations? He also seemed to think the U.S. military -- still 18 times the size of whomever occupies second place -- is too small.Huckabee complained that there aren't enough air-worthy B-52s, which could also be argued regarding the B-17 and Curtiss Jenny. Huckabee continued an Elmer Gantry-esque pretense that he is a friend of Israel, although responses vis-a-vis both foreign and domestic policy seethed with systemic undercurrents of -- I didn't coin this term -- Christo-Fascism.Perhaps the best foreshadowing of the debate was an MSNBC shot of ten empty wooden podia. With nothing for scale behind them, they resembled a semi-circle of outdoor lavatories!"
3,gop wing right carson make cain dr mainstream article herman,"The article never answers the questions posed in the title... Why is he a headache to the GOP?  Why should the GOP try to stop him? I don't believe the GOP is worried about Ben Carson because they already know that they will not nominate  a black man as their frontrunner in a Presidential election.    This was a great article to understand Ben Carson's motivation for running for the GOP nomination, but it missed the boat on showing how he is a threat to the mainstream GOP.",bush cruz huckabee walker trump rubio fiorina jeb ted paul,"Let's see...Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush...this nation's elected those shining examples of mediocrity, so why not a Donald Trump, Marco Rubio, Ben Carson, Ted Cruz, Mike Huckabee or Chris Christie?"
4,sanders brooks bernie trump experience political david senator governing loyalty,"We can always count on Brooks for tarring with the broad brush.............enabling him to lump Sanders together with the likes of Trump and Carson.  For example, he bemoans the fact that ""These four anti-party men have little experience in the profession of governing.""  Entirely true for Trump and Carson.  But Sanders has 40+ years experience, both as a chief executive (mayor), and decades in Congress where he has produced or co-sponsored legislation and demonstrated an ability to work with others despite the fact that he is a (horrors!) socialist.  Nonetheless, Brooks would have us believe that there's no difference between Sanders and the other two.Once again I am astounded that the NYT persists in the belief that Brooks is worthy of space on its editorial page.",tax 10 flat wealth billion make income big population dr,"It is clear to me that the candidates are most inept when it comes to tax reform. The ""pundits and political professionals"" and debate questioners are even worse.For more than 20 years the share of family wealth has declined for all except the richest 10%. The estate tax is the main tax that applies in a significant way to all the rich and just the rich. Candidates Bush, Cruz, Gilmore, Huckabee, Jindal, Paul, Rubio and Santarum want the Estate tax to be eliminated. Ironically, the poorer half of the population (62 million families) collectedly have lost about 70% of their family wealth and now share just 1% of the wealth. Young adults from this group can no longer afford to marry or make babies.As a policy matter many believe that the government does not need the $30 billion a year in estate taxes yet this amount could double the wealth of the poorer half of the population if used to reduce taxes on low income workers ($600 billion over 20 years).If any candidate wants to reduce or eliminate estate taxes and has no plan to restore half the population to at least a 3 or 4% share of family wealth the candidate is obviously promoting inequality.Mr. Carson has little training and is understandably clueless on tax reform. He would be better off proposing a biblical 4% flat tax on wealth rather than a contrived 15% flat tax on income (and keeping the additional 15.3% job killing payroll tax)."
5,ben carson really great people think real sure candidate time,"Ben Carson is not my candidate, but I certainly respect him and if he runs a great campaign I would consider changing my mind. Most of the time it comes down to the lesser of two evils. I hope that 2016 will allow for at least one positive candidate. I do think that Ben Carson would make a great surgeon general.",students high junior far right debate thank school feet little,"Thank you New York Times for your insightful commentary on this debate! However, there were numerous false comparisons to the behavior of Junior High school students. We give students far too little credit. Most junior high students who would debate in such an environment would have been far more realistic and respectful, and generally much better prepared for this eerie stage than these ""first string"" Republicans, save perhaps Kasich and Paul. Carson, Trump, Bush, Fiorina and Christie were a colossal disappointment as well. Cruz, Huckabee and Rubio lived up to their respective right-wing idiocies. Harry Reid was right. ""They're all losers"".If the candidates were covered in 50 feet of sand they couldn't have buried their heads any deeper than they did last night in front of Air Force One. Hopefully, that will be as close as they ever get to it!"
6,black party republicans republican people democrats carson white african race,"Dr. Carson is not a problem for the Republican party.  He is more than welcome.His detractors come from the liberal media and the Democratic Party apparatus.  Why?  Because he breaks the stereotype of Republicans that they are all old white men.  But just as US Supreme Justice Clarence found in his confirmation hearings, the vitriol came from Democrats in the most acrimonious grilling of any Supreme Court nominee ever. Democrats live in fear that they could lose their near lock on the African-American vote.  They are in a delicate balancing act with blacks as they flood the country with unskilled illegal immigrants that are taking jobs away from blacks.  They are often at odds with black inner-city ministers on social issues.Not only is Dr. Carson welcome in Republican circles, he is often a guest on right-leaning Fox News.  Fox is not known for creating problems for the Republican Party.",black party white republican gop carson man base conservative obama,Dr. Carson has a Obama proem with the GOP base: he's Black.  A few years ago the GOP elected a Black man s their Party Chairman.  He lasted less then a year I think before the white supremacists had him removed.  He has been and from since
7,trump debate mr voters night republican candidates did rubio didn,"The bloom came off the Trump rose last night. Unfortunately, most of his fans, aren't going to get the hint. But I think he peaked a couple of days ago and will slowly begin losing ground, which will become noticeable as the weeks go by. Carson's fast rise provides competition for Trump in that he will split the Anybody-But-a-Politician vote and start taking those voters from Trump.  I watched the speech Trump gave in Dallas Tuesday and it occurred to me that he's nothing more than a mediocre comedian on the stump. The speech read like a Don Rickles performance. When they talk about the Republican clown car, the only one who really qualifies is Trump, because all the rest of them, with the possible exception of Carson, are proven politicians who have won their way to the top. And Carson has his own compelling story, as opposed to Trump who essentially inherited his position in society.  So I think the Trump insurgency is going to fade rather quickly. He may not even be a factor by the time Iowa and New Hampshire roll around.  Fiorina and Rubio were the winners last night, with Christie and Bush close behind. Kasich and Carson were okay, but the others did not distinguish themselves. ",dr carson poor government health care work just healthcare like,"Dr. Carson is a fine doctor; one of the best.  That skill does not, however, make him a fine politician.  Dr. Carson has never even held a political office.  Dr. Carson is the guy Republicans use as a message to America:  see, we're not bigots; that's not why we hate Obama."
8,bush cruz paul huckabee walker christie rubio jeb like kasich,"Flip Flopping Flip Floppers: Ted Cruz, Jeb Bush, Chris ChristieHolier Than Thou: Ted Cruz, Jeb Bush, Rick Santorum, Mike Huckabee, Ben CarsonToo Cool for School: Scott WalkerIsraeli Lobby: Jeb Bush, Ted Cruz, Mike Huckabee, Rick Santorum, Ben CarsonWhat Me Worry?: Scott Walker, Rick PerryThe Inflatables: Ted Cruz, Chris ChristieWhoa there, Little Lady: Rand Paul Born To Raise Hell: Ted CruzEntitled: Ted Cruz, Jeb Bush, Rand PaulU Got It, I'm 4 It: Bobby Jindal, Carly FiorinaIgnobles:  Chris Christie, Jeb Bush, Rand PaulObama Derangees: Ted Cruz, Ben Carson, Rick Santorum, Scott Walker, Bobby JindalDividers: Ted Cruz, Scott Walker, Bobby Jindal............",mr vote say believe trump plausible doesn nomination carson people,"Just to point out an obvious error, Mr. Brooks, you say in your column: ""They have no plausible path toward winning 50.1 percent of the vote in any national election.""Of course, if either Mr. Trump or Mr. Carson gets the Republican nomination and Mr. Sanders gets the Democratic nomination, then it is actually very likely indeed that one of them will get a majority of the national vote.And if the events (and polls) of the past few weeks have failed to convince you that Trump/Carson vs. Sanders in the general election is a plausible scenario, then I would humbly suggest that you are dangerously resistant to evidence that doesn't fit your preconceptions, and are doing the public discourse more harm than good."
9,climb flaming said liberal college success conservative dr ve got,Quote:  Dr. Carson said he was a “flaming liberal” in college but became conservative through his own climb to success.Translation: I've got mine.,ben ross knows know man douthat york god good cnn,"Here we go again: CNN, The New York Times. To help Clinton Inc., CNN calls a food fight, the right obliges, untethered by common sense or good taste, with Seven No Trump bombast matching the grandiloquence of two examples of what ails us, Chris Christie and Huckabee, the svelte section of the party, seeking refuge in obsequious noise and comparative insanity. And then we have The New York Times version of a born again, Ross Douthat. This young man knows  all. William Safire, move over: Ross wants to make certain that the true believers get a chance to read all about it. Ben Carson offers a hint of what it's like. Ben knows both sides of the tracks, and his abilities swamp the field. The man actually accomplished something in his life, and he has had a moral purpose of for a good long while. Is he a savant? In truth, he is. He knows how bad off we are, and believes God will ultimately help us find the way. Go figure. We've tried most everything else. Think Kennedy, Nixon, Carter, Clinton, Inc., Obama. For sheer ambiguity, why not Carson? But get that photograph. Thank Getty Images. As an orthodox agnostic, I have a keen understanding of those that are uncomfortable with Benjamin Solomon Carson Sr., MD. Ben is simply too simple. He is a believer. The Son of God is his savior. Ben is old fashioned... and honest. I know the man. His a decent guy. Ben Carson cares. He is a father, and a doctor. And he's smart. The children know. What do we know about Ross Douthat? "
