,Topic_Pos,Example_Pos,Topic_Neg,Example_Neg
0,win election democratic nomination party general vote democrats think clinton,"Whether Bernie Sanders can defeat Hillary or not (and whether he could win a general election or not), his candidacy can help to focus ALL of the Democratic candidates on progressive politics. In short, while the odds are still strong that Hillary Clinton will win the Democratic nomination (if not the general election thereafter), if she does get the nomination my prediction is that she will be a stronger and much more relevant candidate in the general election because Bernie made her think about what the Democratic party really is supposed to represent. That, in and of itself, is reason enough for me to support Bernie while he still has a chance.",biden joe run president obama democrats hilary clinton warren vice,Joe Biden should run.  All this smothering sympathy seems like right out a recent cocktail party.  Joe Biden would enliven the campaign for the Democratic nomination.  When President Obama seemed to be screwing up his campaign in 2012 it was Joe Biden's fighting campaign style that helped the president win in crucial states.  Just leaving the nomination to Hilary Clinton could be very dangerous.  With the Clinton's seemingly endless ability to find themselves in avoidable controversy it makes sense for the Democrats to open up the field.
1,email server private state information classified government emails use secretary,"I think the press should cut Clinton some slack on the email issue. Most of us with at least a few years of professional work experience know better than to write any confidential information in text or email forms. We use the phone or meet in person. And that is what Mrs. Clinton did.Hillary Clinton, as a person who has been under constant scrutiny of everybody, knows more than anyone to leave a visible electronic trail.  Most of the email that she sent can probably be reconstructed if it really includes valuable information because all emails  have one or more recipients, and most of those copies are already on the State Department email server and may even be available on numerous public email servers if she sent mail to individual outside the Clinton private server.",classified server email information state emails private secretary clinton department,"While there is no doubt of the Times ongoing bias in their coverage of Secretary Clinton, the Times doubling down and not admitting any wrongdoing on the criminal inquiry story pertaining to her emails is disturbing.The story still doesn't make sense. Multiple press reports state the State Dept has two email systems- a secure email system for classified information and an unsecure email system. Secretary Clinton's personal email account on her server was in lieu of using her unsecure government email account. If anyone sent classified information to her, including summarization of classified information to any unsecure email, a criminal referral would be appropriate as it pertains to the sender, not the recipient, unless the email was marked ""classified"" or the recipient had knowledge that the email included classified information. The Times and other media outlets focus on the server, but how is it relevant? If Clinton uses a private server, classified information was potentially compromised unknown to her. If she used her personal email, but didn't maintain her own server, classified information was maintained on an unsecure server maintained by a vendor. If the classified information was sent to her unsecure government email, how would the result be any different in terms of classified information sent on an unsecure email account?  The Times story failed to address this point at all, and the statements from the State Dept. IG needed further vetting and explanation."
2,president hillary woman america rodham united states qualified ms clinton,"Ms. Hillary Rodham Clinton is the MOST QUALIFIED PERSON to be the next President of the United States.  She is smarter, and knows more about politics and the world, than any other person running for the office and most people in the world.  We should have listened to her when she spoke of a vast right-wing conspiracy because it has nearly destroyed OUR democracy.  Ms. Rodham Clinton was a respected attorney when she became First Lady.  According to Wikipedia, ""She cofounded Arkansas Advocates for Children and Families in 1977, she became the first female chair of the Legal Services Corporation in 1978, and became the first female partner at Rose Law Firm in 1979. The National Law Journal twice listed her as one of the hundred most influential lawyers in America.""  She was on  the front-line when there was a ""conservative"" backlash against women having equal rights in America.  She kept her head and went on to serve as Secretary of State to President Obama after he won the presidency that she sought - because she LOVES America.  And now she is doing us the honor of running for President again and has shown all of us what it is to be a tough, dedicated woman in America.  Every woman who is registered to vote in America MUST vote for her.  If you aren't registered get registered to vote for her.  She is simply the Best!",clintons bushes sick tired barry vote obamas white democrat gets,"No more Bushes, no more Clintons. "
3,mrs mr clinton republican good party obama position wehner republicans,"Vice President Biden has none of Mrs. Clinton's problems, which is a big advantage in the general election. Unlike Mrs. Clinton, he is likable and liked. He is a man of achievement and a man of honor. I don't say that Mrs. Clinton lacks either, but I do think that there is a regrettable perception amongst voters that Mrs. Clinton is not completely candid. Mr. Biden was a masterful legislator, too, and he knows how to get along with opposition politicians. He would be likely to be able to advance a progressive agenda and he would inspire confidence among the nation's allies because of his long experience in foreign affairs. Should he run, I think he would certainly cut into Mrs. Clinton's early support. It would make for a difficult race for the former secretary of state, who would have to contend with Senator Sanders on the progressive side of the party and Mr. Biden, who is universally loved by Democrats.",black lives matter laws crime incarceration community blow clinton rights,"Until Charles M. Blow and the ""Black Lives Matter"" activists angrily confront Barack Obama in front of the cameras for what he's failed to do for the Black community the same way BLM is attacking Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton for what they HAVE done to help the Black Community, this movement does not ""matter"" to this Black man. "
4,biden joe run president clinton better race presidency vp man,"Nothing -- well almost nothing -- could make me happier than to have Joe Biden run for president. We don't need another Clinton, and it would be good to have another president I could genuinely and wholeheartedly support. Run Joe, run!",people clinton know want ms just like don president american,"Message to Ms. Hillary Rodham Clinton from ""conservatives"":  Sorry, Ms. Rodham Clinton.  We all know you are the SMARTEST AND MOST QUALIFIED PERSON to be elected the next President of the United States.  But, you know, you're just a mere woman.  Can't trust women you know - ever since Eve in the garden of eden.  We're doing everything we can to make you seem dishonest and turn women against you so they don't vote for you and make you the first female President of the United States of America.  Just look at all the fine unqualified men, and token woman, we have running against you.  We even have the loudest mouth in America running to try to stop you.  We're just crossing our fingers that voters don't use their heads and elect you.   "
5,times story coverage nyt news ny reporting page clinton readers,"Thank you, Ms. Sullivan for your comments.  On the plus side, consider the fact that the Times (rightfully so) is ashamed of this reporting.  Many other news agencies wouldn't bat an eye.This leads me to my next point.  The New York Times is one of the few remaining news organizations with global presence and credibility along with a proud history.  The paper, its editos and reporters, have an almost sacred charge to leave the paper better than they found it.True, that is hard to do in this age of hyper-competitve time stamping and sensationalism.  Still, that is the job.  If the staff feel they are contrained by the high standards of the TImes, they should look elsewhere.Here is something as well that may be difficult to fathom inside the news room.  Your readers do not care if you first to get the scoop.  We know that if the story is newsworthy, it will eventually get coverage in the TImes.  So in this age in which everything is covered and than there is infinitely more news than is digestible, we rely on the TImes to select the sotries that are important.  We also rely on the TImes to verify those stories and make sure that they are real.FInally, the damage done by this story is just beginning.  Stand by for relentless accounts from right wing crazies about how Clinton was scheduled to be arrested but the Clinton mafia assissinated all of the FBI agents involved to repress the story.  These people do not care that you offered corrections and retractions.",trump bush republican clinton hillary jeb candidates donald wehner candidate,"Mr. Wehner's ostensible argument was that both the Republican and Democratic parties were in a race of self-destruction.His evidence? The political campaigns of Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton.I can understand how Mr.Trump's campaign may be a manifestation of Republican self-destruction. But I would not assign blame to Mr. Trump for that destruction. At best, or at worst, Mr. Trump can be accused of, or complimented for, taking advantage of that self-destruction.I don't see how Hillary Clinton's campaign is leading to the self-destruction of the Democratic party. First, what evidence do we have that the Democratic party is indeed self-destructing? Trump's campaign seems to indicate that Republican elites have lost control over their base. Can we say the same of Clinton's campaign as a sign of loss of control of Democratic elites over their base? Despite ranting in the media (as in the immediate case), there does not seem to be a breakdown between the Democratic elite, Clinton's campaign, and most Democratic voters. And I say that as someone who is a political Independent (no party affiliation) who is leaning heavily toward Bernie Sanders. So I'm not someone who will be unhappy if Sanders wins the Democratic nomination. But I will also not be distraught in Clinton becomes President, as polls still show her beating Trump, and the rest of the Republican field.Other than in fevered dreams such as Wehner's, there's no basis for equating the Trump and Clinton campaigns."
6,trump republican bush donald gop clinton hillary candidates like fiorina,"I don't understand why Trump's supporters think he's so truthful. After every campaign appearance, Mr. Normal Guy from Nowhere, USA gets interviewed and says something like “Trump tells the truth no one else has the guts to say”, or some similar tripe. But, Trump thinks Mr. Normal Guy is a loser. As soon as Trump steps back inside his plane, he's forgotten Nowhere, USA and all the losers, and he will never think of them again. To him, the people of Nowhere, USA are completely inconsequential and insignificant. Don’t they know that?Trump's cockamamie ideas will go exactly nowhere if he's elected. Do Trump supporters really think that a big wall that would cost hundreds of millions of dollars is going to be constructed between the US and Mexico? Or, that the US is going to start deporting millions of immigrants? How can anyone really believe that? How naive are they? Trump supporters claim to like him because he's not a politician. But, just running for the presidency makes him a politician, and he's just as loathsome and insincere as any other politician.  Why anyone would listen to Trump and think he's honest is beyond my understanding. Why is it better if Donald Trump looks you in the eye and lies to you than if Hillary Clinton looks you in the eye and lies to you? Either way, you're a sucker for believing.",apology policy blm matter change time past clintons impart rant,"BLM activists will achieve nothing by blaming things on the Clintons.  In addition, by the strict PC policing of the phrase ""Black Lives Matter"" as opposed to any other wording, and the narcissistic performance art of the Sanders' protesters, any message they hope to impart is being lost.  The movement appears to be a rant and rage and blame machine.  You may not like what the Clintons did in the past but what does it matter in making policy today?  You'll be waiting a long time for an apology, and if you get it, what good will it do policy-wise?  Do you want an apology or policy change?Hillary was right with her interaction with the BLM protestors.  If they choose to waste their time and effort in getting an apology, they're going to lose their opportunity to effect any real change and just turn everybody off in the interim."
7,hilary bernie win joe hiding like run left wow better,"Bernie is already on the left of Hilary - so, where would Joe be? On the left of Bernie, or somewhere between Bernie and Hilary? Neither would win him more votes than either Bernie or Hilary are going to get. Although he is certainly a likable candidate and would be a great president.",times coverage new york ny clinton hillary editor dowd article,"Spare me.  The New York Times too tough on Hillary Clinton?  Times coverage gives only a fraction of the picture of the Clinton misdeeds and scandals.  A small fraction.As to the objectors whom the Public Editor cites in taking up the cudgels, I can’t speak to Jay Rosen.  But Rachel Maddow, of Al Sharpton’s MSNBC?  Who is even farther left than Ed Koch’s classic phrase “to the left of Chairman Mao.”  James Fallows, once President Carter’s chief White House speechwriter, a long time writer for the Atlantic which consistently champions President Obama and attacks conservatives. The facts in “Clinton Cash” can’t be disputed so include the Times in the shooting of the messenger because it had an agreement with the author.Years ago we saw one Clinton scandal after another, of Bill, of Hillary, of both. Nothing has changed, including the lies and the cover-ups. The Times indeed deserves credit for not leaving the Hillary Clinton malfeasance to the conservative media.   The Public Editor duly took the Times to the wood shed on the IG inquiry story.  This column is a sequel shot across the bow--the Times should watch itself so as not to roil the left or the Public Editor will be back on the case.  Which hardly serves the interests of standards of journalism excellence. Eventually, of course, news coverage aside, the Times will endorse Mrs. Clinton in the Democratic primaries and in the presidential election when inevitably she becomes the Democratic nominee.     "
8,sanders bernie hillary support clinton media candidate campaign socialist need,"It would be nice to read an article about Bernie Sanders that is not, in fact, about Hillary Clinton.",story news nyt criminal wrong page investigation clinton times headline,"This is ridiculous. I nearly didn't read this story because the headline doesn't tell the truth. Instead of ""A Clinton Story Fraught with Inaccuracies"" which made me think that Clinton was telling inaccurate stories, why don't you say ""We Got It Wrong: Why We Published an Inaccurate and Damaging Story about Hillary Clinton."" Also the original story was front page news and was beeped to my phone as ""Breaking News"" and I think this should be too. Otherwise occasional readers like myself (or anyone who doesn't scour the NYT site) and just reads haphazardly on their phone is still think Clinton has criminal charges against her. I used to trust the NYT, now I realize I cannot. "
9,change people just black don like blm lives want know,"MLK said something to the effect of:  We can't make white people like black people, but we can work to ensure that they stop lynching black people. Hilary is right - it is not possible to change all or even most hearts. But is is possible to demand reform in police departments across the country and to take political action to ensure that such reforms are enacted. Hopefully the leaders of the Black Lives Matter movement will use the policy and political lessons learned during the Civil Rights to bring about the needed changes.  When I worked on women's issues in the 80's in California, women's groups had a specific legislative agenda that addressed numerous issues from lack of child support enforcement to lack of affordable day care.  A realistic policy and legislative agenda is needed in every state and at the national level to change the systems that allow and even encourage police violence against black people.",sanders bernie support democratic vote democrat hillary candidate clinton party,"Dismissing Bernie Sanders as a socialist, as the main stream media and the Hillary Clinton supporters have already done, or as a crazy is a mistake.  Bernie Sanders's ideas not only make sense to the majority of the American people but he is also the toughest politician which I've seen since LBJ.I changed my voter registration from Independent to Democrat in order to be able to vote for him in the Democratic primary.  When people actually get to listen to Bernie they like him, a lot.  This is shaping up to be 2008 all over again for Hillary and the third way, corporatist DCCC.  The message is loud and clear that Bernie doesn't dance around issues like the TPP ala Hillary.  It is refreshing to see someone emerge with their own ideas as opposed to the latest poll results."
