,Topic_Pos,Example_Pos,Topic_Neg,Example_Neg
0,great make america trump country president world save wall leader,"So Trump's tagline shouldn't be Make America Great Again, it should be Make America White Again.",party republican base trump republicans democrats democratic voters tea candidates,"Trump's ""rejection"" of Republican policies is exaggerated.  At this point, he's objected to reduced tax rates for carried interest income on the part of hedge fund guys (which most rank and file Republicans probably have no objection to) and to reduction of Social Security and Medicare benefits (and perhaps only for current beneficiaries).  If the Republican Party hasn't become a religion rather than a political party, it would--as it did 30 years ago--accept some diversity of viewpoint, in which case there would be nothing remarkable about Trump's array of opinions.And, by the way, the Democratic Party allows for much more diversity and variation than does the Republican Party.  Virtually every Republican member of Congress lives in abject fear of being primaried if he or she departs from the reservation even a little bit.  At this point, the party is ruled by an unholy alliance of the Club For Growth and the Tea Party faction.Trump is no third party candidate type.  What he is is a demagogue in the making, whose style has captured the imagination of a meaningful minority of a minority party--mostly what we euphemistically refer to as ""low information"" voters (if they are even voters at all)."
1,republican party trump republicans candidate candidates democratic nomination win best,"""Crude, erratic, unprincipled and unelectable, Mr. Trump, if he were to win the nomination, would do catastrophic damage to the Republican Party.""Convenient thinking, Mr. Wehner. Donald Trump, or at least his popularity among Republican voters, is a product of decades of Republican policy, and the particular perspectives of constituents which the Republican party has cultivated.Trump did not create Republican voters. He's simply appealing to the voters Republicans gave voice to.",illegal immigrants immigration americans legal aliens issue laws law citizenship,"The discussion of immigration and illegal immigrants has become muddled because media such as the NY Times don't clearly distinguish when someone is referring to immigrants or illegal immigrants.  The fact that the NYT won't even acknowledge the phrase ""illegal immigrant"" leaves me adding in the word ""illegal"" in their immigration articles and op-ed's whether that addition is accurate or not.  Trump is a nut, but Edsall leaves me unsure whether the concerns of whites and Republicans have to do with immigrants or illegal immigrants.  There's a big difference."
2,mr trump bruni ramos brooks ms column better says blow,"Mr. Bruni obviously has a low opinion of Mr. Trump as evidenced by all the bad-mouthing he  managed to scrape up and toss at him.  Bit I think Mr. Bruni misses the reason Mr. Trump is doing so well in the polls and that is: Mr. Trump speaks forthrightly about political matters and in doing so becomes a standout among all the establishment mumblers who are trying to catch the candidate ring as the political merry-go-round twirls around.  Mr. Trump even had the forthrightness to put a pin in Mr. McCain's balloon.  Call him what you will, Mr. Bruni, but Mr. Trump has captured not just Christians but a great many ordinary voters across the country. ",jeb bush clinton trump rubio hillary like walker fiorina christie,Watching a debate with Bush and Clinton would be like watching paint dry. Jeb is looking like he would have a tough time walking and chewing bubble gum. Jeb is having a tough time not being the brightest star in the room. I think Trump is either going to make Jeb step up his game or take his ball and go home. Trump is exposing the dead wood in the race. Clinton would be served having someone like Trump force her to step up her game. I would rather watch grass growing than watch Jeb or Hillary.
3,sanders bernie hillary clinton trump candidates brooks carson biden democrats,"No mention of Bernie Sanders again. I am getting tired of the corporate media's fascination with Donald ""Il Duce"" Trump. Where is the coverage of Bernie Sanders's campaign? Even Joe Biden is getting more coverage than Bernie Sanders, and he isn't even running for office.Why does the NY Times spend gallons of ink on Donald Trump's offensive behavior and virtually none on Bernie Sanders's measured discussion of important policy proposals?",donald trump mccain wrong bad think john candidate ted shows,"Ted Cruz is afraid of Donald Trump. If he says anything against the Donald, the Donald will fire right back and ask for Ted's birth certificate. "
4,bush jeb hillary win trump clinton president nomination election george,"One rumor among many about Trump is that he is determined to stop Jeb Bush from winning the GOP nomination. Who can blame Trump for wanting to do that? That the younger brother of George W. Bush is a serious candidate for the GOP nomination in 2016 is unbelievable and arguably the main reason for the attraction of Trump's campaign. I mean, did the GOP turn to one of Richard Nixon's younger brothers in 1980 for the presidential nomination? No, because that would have looked every bit as stupid as Republicans turning to George W. Bush's younger brother in 2016 for the presidential nomination. Trump appears to understand how totally ridiculous Jeb Bush's presence in this campaign looks to ordinary people, and Trump knows that his own campaign for president looks no more ridiculous than Bush's and may actually have stronger merits. Because you see, the presidential campaign of virtually ANY human being on planet earth would contain stronger merits than one being waged by the younger brother of George W. Bush. Even if Jeb hadn't been pulling strings for his brother's campaign in Florida 15 years ago, that would still be true. ",sanders bernie hillary clinton media candidate democratic brooks carson trump,It is hard to see what ties Bernie Sanders to either Trump or Carson.  Sanders appeal is not to new ideas but to ideas that have long been at the center of what Democrats want.
5,immigration illegal immigrants americans tax american country taxes jobs class,"One thing is illegal immigration and a different thing is illegal immigrants. Illegal immigration is a cancer a should be stopped. Illegal immigrants are people who, at least most of them, are hard workers that came in search of a better and safer life. They are not only Mexican but from all over the world.Mr Trump has a good point, but no tact.",mr trump bruni blow americans media column egan past blind,Fox News was the perfect venue for last week's debate.  They are the masters of vitriolics and they got a dose of their own medicine. I have to admit that it got just a little too hot for them to handle. Fox News and The Republican Party are now distancing themselves from Mr. Trump and the fissure is getting larger. They are now very worried that Mr. Trump will leave and take his angry voters with him. Bon voyage Mr. Trump!  Please take your loyal friends Mr. Huckabee and Mr. Cruz with you. 
6,people like trump think just don want president say money,"To me the interesting thing is not Trump himself but the outsized fear he seems to generate in people like Rattner.People that like Trump, like him because they have figured out at this point that our so called leaders don't lead and are basically corrupt mouthpieces for big money interests in this country. That hold true for both parties.The people don't really like Trump, they just hate him less than the traditional politicians.",ramos conference press trump questions reporter question news ask journalist,"I'm sorry, but Trump was correct in asking Ramos to wait his turn.  Ramos kept yelling out questions while another reporter was talking to Trump, which is very rude. If Ramos had played by the rules, he would have been much more effective. Actually, in this case, Ramos was the bully, trying to take over and control the news conference."
7,gop trump candidate candidates party vote establishment win years class,"Hey there, GOP! Go right ahead and take Trump on; see what happens. I would never vote for Trump, but the hand-wringing and fear that he has put into the GOP establishment amount to some of the best moments of political schadenfreude that I have ever enjoyed. The GOP made Mr. Trump; if they try to bring him down, the entire GOP balloon will collapse in on itself. ",women kelly megyn fox trump woman news said dowd debate,"Why express any horror on Trump's stupid sayings on Kelly. He is only a reflection of Republican misogynistic attitudes against women anyways.  When Trump was uttering derogatory things about Rosie O'Donnell and other women, I am sure many of the Republican men and women were cheering him.  Now he attacking one of their own, and that too a Fox news icon and thus umbrage.  We blame men in the middle-east on their treatment of women. We have excellent examples in the Republican party and their war on women."
8,donald best love thing better trump time just maureen president,I love Donald Trump! He's quite the best thing going in all politics. It's nice knowing that the Times will never publish some lapdog piece about Donald Trump like David Remnick's article about Obama. With Donald Trump it's fresh air all around.,people trump like president just country think america really don,"Trump speaks for the lowest common denominator, most of whom who think of themselves as ""Patriots"" or real Americans. His followers are those who believe they have been shorted by the ""ruling class of politicians."" They really believe someone like Trump can bring the government around to their way of thinking. Trump has found a class of people for his followers to hold responsible for their failure to achieve ""The American Dream."" Just listen to this segment of the public. They are angry, they want to get rid of those immigrants taking their American jobs, overloading their schools, getting welfare at their expense, they want a scapegoat for their problems and Trump gives it to them.Just look back and notice where we have seen this kind of rhetoric before. Here it was the Irish, the Chinese, the Italians. In Europe it was the Jews, Gypsy's, and non Aryans. Follow a prejudice and you will find a Trump follower. They do not like politicians, because real politicians have to make compromises, and as the saying goes, you can't please all of the people all of the time, or even some of them any time. The media gives him publicity because it sells, it brings viewers to the channel, or the column just like it has here, giving us all a place to vent, looking for others to agree with us. He will not get the GOP nomination, but his supporters will find some conspiracy theory to tell us why. It is hard to argue with smart people, but futile to argue with fools."
9,media trump kelly news debate ramos women fox megyn did,"Let me be clear:  In my view, in their roles as debate moderators, Megyn Kelly and her male colleagues were consummate professionals. Did I think the questions were designed to mess with Donald Trump's head? Yes, I did. My guess is those questions were approved and may have even been written by Roger Ailes.So, when Trump said that stuff implying that Kelly was having her period, did he believe that? Of course not.  I believe he was trying to mess with her head and Fox News in general.So, it is ironic that watching the news channels today and reading main stream media on the Internet as well as some sites like Redstate.com, Donald Trump and references to his trashy comment to Kelly is omnipresent. Of course, I don't know what Trump's authentic reaction was or is to this coverage (Does anyone ever know Trump's authentic reaction to anything?), but I imagine that ""unhappy"" he is not.Moving past this phony scandal, did Fox News skew the questions to pander to Republicans? Of course, they did! No one expected anything else.Donald Trump v. Megyn Kelly (emissary of Roger Ailes, Republican gray eminence) ",gop trump base candidates issue voters single political presidential conservative,"Here's the irony folks.After the 2012 Presidential Election, the establishment GOP went on a nationwide apology tour, promising GOP donors and state officials a new, more inclusive GOP.Trump has accomplished something magical. He is tracking the GOP to the moderate-center on the wedge issues that hurt the GOP every presidential election, while holding the Conservative base by taking a hard line on illegals.It's Trump who is expanding the GOP, and uniting the Conservative base. At the same time.  Proof positive of this? Last week's belly crawl to Trump Towers to mend fences by RNC Chairman Reince Priebus.If the GOP double crosses Trump, who will likely win the delegates to be nominated, and picks Jeb, the GOP will implode and go the way of the Whig party in the 1850s.  There's too much money and power at stake for that. The RNC will figure it out and a Trump coronation will take place at the GOP convention, or a funeral for the GOP as we know it."
